When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Good for collaborating with others across multiple computers. Also good for
    backup purposes in case your local computer gets corrupted or something
    happens.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    With multiple people working on different pieces, it could get messy to have
    Git stay up to date at all times.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are used to copy someone else's repository when you don't have
    permission to write to it, and make it easier to suggest changes. Clones
    copy the repository, but can't suggest changes easily. Clones might be
    useful if you're just using something as a base and planning to modify it
    heavily. Branches are on the local repository and let you try different
    changes out before merging them.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    You can work on it without having internet access.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Setting up GitHub takes some time to get it right, and each person has to
    remember to keep pulling and pushing when they do some work. It would make
    collaboration on a large project easier though, since each person could work
    on a different section and then merge it all together.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    This lets you suggest changes by making pull requests, so that the code
    doesn't change automatically while someone else might be working on it. They
    would have to see the change and approve it first before anything changes,
    which might be conceptually easier to work on. It may be more efficient to
    just work on the master branch though, as long as the different people
    are all quite clear on what they're going to change and not change.
